Add notes on deprecations and breaking changes for v8.0 (#6344)
mattermost/docs: source/install/self-managed-changelog.md

1. Update module version to v8.0. Clients will have to change their module path to the new structure. Very minimal change. There are no API level breaking changes that would require code changes.
2. Remove ``ExperimentalSettings.PatchPluginsReactDOM``.
3. Change advanced logging config format. Currently admins have to escape the JSON for advanced logging config in config.json, meaning it must be provided as a single line string.  The breaking change is to allow admins to use multi-line json for ease of composure and reading.  To achieve this the ``model.Config`` struct would have the ``AdvancedLoggingConfig`` fields changed from ``string`` to ``json.RawMessage``.  There are three places this would change: ``LogSettings``,  ``ExperimentalAuditSettings``, and ``NotificationLogSettings``. Existing config.json files with ther escaped string can still be supported;  code would detect the leading quote and treat it as escaped JSON. Unfortunately the field type change will break any code that imports model (plugins, plugin-api, etc).

> 4. Remove deprecated ``PermissionUseSlashCommands``.
> 5. Remove support for PostgreSQL v10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Remove deprecated ``PermissionUseSlashCommands``.
5. Remove deprecated ``model.CommandArgs.Session``.
6. Remove support for PostgreSQL v10.
```

### Upcoming Deprecations and Breaking Changes in Mattermost v8.0

The following deprecations and breaking changes are planned for the Mattermost v8.0 release, which is scheduled for 2023/06/16. This list is subject to change prior to the release.

1. Update module version to v8.0. Clients will have to change their module path to the new structure. Very minimal change. There are no API level breaking changes that would require code changes.

> 2. Remove ``ExperimentalSettings.PatchPluginsReactDOM``.

Reviewer 2: I'm double checking the first point here, but here's some more information for this change. 
```
2. Remove ``ExperimentalSettings.PatchPluginsReactDOM``. If this setting was previously enabled, confirm that:
    1. All Mattermost-supported plugins are updated to the latest versions.
    2. Any other plugins have been updated to support React 17. See the [Important Upgrade Notes](https://docs.mattermost.com/upgrade/important-upgrade-notes.html) for v7.7 for more information.
```
Also, I don't know if there's a better way to link directly to that note

### Upcoming Deprecations and Breaking Changes in Mattermost v8.0

The following deprecations and breaking changes are planned for the Mattermost v8.0 release, which is scheduled for 2023/06/16. This list is subject to change prior to the release.

1. Update module version to v8.0. Clients will have to change their module path to the new structure. Very minimal change. There are no API level breaking changes that would require code changes.
2. Remove ``ExperimentalSettings.PatchPluginsReactDOM``. If this setting was previously enabled, confirm that:
    1. All Mattermost-supported plugins are updated to the latest versions.
    2. Any other plugins have been updated to support React 17. See the [Important Upgrade Notes](https://docs.mattermost.com/upgrade/important-upgrade-notes.html) for v7.7 for more information.

> 3. Change advanced logging config format. Currently admins have to escape the JSON for advanced logging config in config.json, meaning it must be provided as a single line string.  The breaking change is to allow admins to use multi-line json for ease of composure and reading.  To achieve this the ``model.Config`` struct would have the ``AdvancedLoggingConfig`` fields changed from ``string`` to ``json.RawMessage``.  There are three places this would change: ``LogSettings``,  ``ExperimentalAuditSettings``, and ``NotificationLogSettings``. Existing config.json files with ther escaped string can still be supported;  code would detect the leading quote and treat it as escaped JSON. Unfortunately the field type change will break any code that imports model (plugins, plugin-api, etc).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Three configuration fields have been added, `LogSettings.AdvancedLoggingJSON`, `ExperimentalAuditSettings.AdvancedLoggingJSON`, and `NotificationLogSettings.AdvancedLoggingJSON` which support multi-line JSON, escaped JSON as a string, or a filename that points to a file containing JSON.  The `AdvancedLoggingConfig` fields have been deprecated.
```
